Hyunckel [thought]: This is
the Dragon Legion's handiwork.
While we were
fighting Flazzard,
they destroyed Carl Kingdom.
The Order of Carl was supposed
to be the strongest of them all.
And still...
Soldier: I have a request.
My brother's body should
be somewhere in the palace.
I'd like to bury him.
Horkins was his name.
The knight captain
of this kingdom.
He was a hero.
People knew his name
even in neighboring kingdoms.
He fought off the
dragons valiantly,
but the enemy
Legion Commander...
he killed my brother.
Hyunckel [thought]: Baran...
I'd never seen anything
like it before.
[roaring]
Soldier: My brother matched
him in skill with a sword.
But then he...
You sheath your blade?
You coward!
Soldier: One shot.
With one shot,
the man I knew was gone.
There.
I can't get him out alone.
What? This shape...
It's the same as Dai's mark.
Dai: Serve you?
Destroy the human world?!
You're joking.
I make no such joke.
It's what the
legendary Dragon Knights
were born to do, after all.
What?
Baran: So you
have not learned, yet.
Very well.
I will teach you everything that
the Dragon Crystal did not.
Baran: Long ago, when the
gods first created this world,
three species ruled the land:
the humans, the Darklings,
and the dragons.
These days, dragons are
considered a type of monster,
but they used to be
smarter than humans,
and most of them
could even speak.
These three species
fought bloody battles
for control of
the ancient world.
The gods lamented
this conflict,
and decided someone should
oversee their creation.
The gods of Dragons,
Darklings, and humans
convened and came
to an agreement...
To create a being with
the strength of dragons,
the Magic Power of Darklings,
and the heart of humans.
An ultimate warrior.
The Dragon Knight.
If any force should ever hold
ambitions to dominate the world,
it is the Dragon Knight's
duty to wipe them out
and administer
divine punishment.
Well, if what you're
telling me is true,
isn't the Dark King
Vearn the real problem?
He's the one who's trying
to conquer the world!
No, the humans
are the evil ones.
King Vearn only
seeks to wipe them out
for the sake of
the rest of the world.
But, I...
You must quickly
embrace your role.
Understand the proper
duties of a Dragon Knight...
And offer King Vearn
your loyalty.
Never!
I'm on the side of humanity
no matter what you say.
It was the Dark Army that
took my Master Avan's life.
I'd rather die!
I see.
Dai: Dragon Legion
Commander Baran,
take this!
Avan Strash!
It didn't work?!
I would rather
not have to harm you,
but if this is
truly how you feel...
I will have to take
you with me by force.
[snarling]
Dragon crystal:
Impossible! How can this be?
[concerned breaths]
Popp: What's going
on down there?
This is...
I sense it.
A being with massive power.
Uh... What?
[startled cries]
Look! Is that Dai?!
Popp: Dai...
No...
Dai!
Popp: Hey...
Are you okay?
Popp: That crest...
So he's a Dragon
Knight, as well?!
Dai: He's part
of the Dark Army...
Dragon Legion
Commander Baran.
Leona: What?!
Popp: Then the Dark
Army has their own
Dragon Knight as well?
It can't be.
Only one Dragon Knight
is supposed to exist!
Huh? Wait but...
Baran: The girl is correct.
I am a true Dragon Knight-
created by the gods to
watch over this world.
But, there exists an anomaly.
This boy, this
friend of yours...
He is a Dragon
Knight by blood.
Baran: It's time. Time for
you to embrace your duties!
And destroy what's left
of humanity with me!
What? Come on!
Look - I already told you.
I will never do that!
Not right now, perhaps.
During the early
years of childhood,
a Dragon Knight is no
different from a normal human.
But as you grow older,
and begin to exhibit
the Power of Dragons,
humans will start to fear,
reject, and persecute you.
When that happens, you will
be the one to suffer.
Girl: I'm scared.
He's so scary!
Popp: Screw your nonsense.
Dai is our friend-
you understand?!
No matter what he is,
we'll never persecute him.
Help you destroy the humans?!
Dai would... Dai
would never do that.
Popp, I...
Princess, cast Fullheal.
Got it!
I'll... I'll try
to deal with him.
It's so sad to see someone
overestimate themselves.
[roaring]
Donk!
Leona: Fullheal!
Perfect. That should
patch him right up!
[astounded gasp]
[frightened yelp]
But that spell took down
three Green Dragons!
Are you kidding?
You seriously thought
that a Legion Commander
who leads Dragons could
be weaker than one?
Popp: Princess, hurry!
Leona: I'm trying, but...
Baran: It is
futile to resist!
My spell!
[pained groans]
Popp: A-Aw, man...
Hang on, Dai!
I will be taking
the boy with me.
Leona: No, you
can't have him!
You may have something
in common with Dai,
but that does not give you
the right to just take him!
You're mistaken. I do.
How's that?
The truth is;
This boy... is my son.
W-What? What did
you just say?
I said that this boy,
Dai, is my son.
[gasps]
Baran: His real name is Dino.
Dai: H-He's lying!
Your son? So,
Dai is your son?
Popp: And we're just
supposed to believe you?
Well, I say you're a liar!
Dai told me that he washed up on
Dermline Island as an infant.
What proof do you have?
The crest on his forehead
should be more than
proof enough for you.
Only one person in
the world aside from me
could have the Dragon Crest.
The son I lost
eleven years ago.
My boy, Dino.
Then, you're certain
that you're the only
bloodline of
the Dragon Knight?
What if you're wrong?!
Wait... What
about his mother?
Where is the woman
who gave birth to him?
The boy's mother...
The child does indeed
bear a striking
resemblance to his mother.
However... that's of
no concern to you humans.
Zaboera: Astonishing!
So Baran is Dai's father?
Piroro: Father and son.
Dragon Knights.
Killvearn: Correct.
Over a decade has passed and
now we are witness
to the tearful reunion.
But don't forget
that I'm the one
who arranged this
emotional moment.
After all, I uncovered the
truth that a certain coward
in our ranks was hiding.
How dare you!
Mystvearn: Silence.
Mystvearn:
The great Dark King
shall grace us with
his presence now.
Contain yourselves.
Zaboera: My king!
Hadlar [thought]: You rat.
Mystvearn: We welcome
you, Your Grace.
Vearn: Well done, all of you.
You may raise your heads.
Hadlar [thought]: Up close,
the aura from him is
as powerful as ever.
Vearn: I see things are
getting interesting.
Killvearn: Yes.
There has been some
debate among the commanders
as to whether or not
Dai is a Dragon Knight.
Therefore, I went to ascertain
the truth - as a neutral party.
[confident chuckle]
Hadlar was very
opposed to that.
Could he have
known all along?
Hadlar [thought]:
These dirty, little...
Vearn: Mystvearn, what do you
think of the boy's power?
Mystvearn: I gave Flazzard
the most powerful armor
in my arsenal to
test Dai's strength.
The child wields a
terrifying amount of power.
Vearn: [delighted laughter]
Oh, to think I could have
two Dragon Knights
under my command...
Killvearn: General
Baran must be rewarded
if he succeeds in
recruiting the boy.
Vearn: Indeed.
If he does, he may take
the seat of Dark Commander.
But - King Vearn...
Vearn: My decision
has been made.
Hadlar [thought]:
I knew it.
What I was afraid
of has come to pass.
Zaboera [thought]: So this
is the reason why Hadlar was
so desperate to keep
Dai from Baran...
Vearn: However...
It appears things will
not go that smoothly.
I'm taking Dino with me.
Dai: Don't touch me.
You're all right.
Dai!
Don't you understand, child?
I'm far stronger than you
could ever hope to be.
I still... have my...
My final weapon.
Dai [thought]:
That's right.
What Matoriv said...
A Hero's weapon.
The only weapon I have left
that might work on you...
is what lets me face
any powerful enemy.
And that... is my courage!
Hadlar [thought]: The
only hope I have now...
is if Dai can defeat Baran.
Get up, Dino...
Dai: Don't call me that!
My name is Dai.
It's the name my
Grampa gave to me.
I fight the Dark Army.
I'm Dai, the Hero!
Wow, Dai...
Show him!
Nabara: Don't...
He's the legendary
Dragon Knight!
But he's evil!
Evil, huh? Don't be so sure.
If the Dragon Knight
decides to wipe us all out,
it would be
humanity's own fault.
B-But, I...
I see. Very well.
Then I suppose I shall
call you by your human name.
So, Dai,
I shall defeat you as a Hero
who fights for the humans.
If you will not
submit yourself to me,
this will be your end.
Leona: Popp,
here's a Fullheal!
Popp: Thanks.
But even with my stamina
back, I'm useless.
Our spells...
They don't seem to have
any effect on him at all.
Dai, I hope you have a plan!
Dai [thought]: If my attack is
too weak, then I'm done for...
I'll have to finish
him with the biggest,
strongest one I've got.
I see. I thought you
were hiding something,
but it seems I was mistaken.
"Avan Strash," was it?
I assume that to perform
that particular attack,
you unite the power, speed,
and Aura control of
all your sword skills.
Interesting.
Baran: That requires strength,
technique, and spirit.
For a human attack, I must
say it is truly formidable.
But I trust you've already
seen it won't work on me.
Dai [thought]: He analyzed
Master Avan's greatest attack
with just one hit.
Then there's no other choice.
Power of Dragons that lies
within me, please... Awaken!
If I don't defeat him,
he'll wipe out all of humanity!
[roaring]
Look - Dai's crest is glowing!
Could it be?
Zapple!
Zap Strash!
How can he block it?
I thought Dai's
Strash was perfected?!
Leona: He's absorbing the
Zapple's energy with his sword.
No way!
Baran: I'm impressed you can
control the Power
of Dragons so well.
Normally, a Dragon
Knight cannot wield
the power of the Crest
until they're full grown.
You've been blessed with good
teachers and good battles.
For that spirit and courage,
I shall show you
just how terrifying it is
when a true Dragon Knight
controls the heavens!
Kazap!
[roaring]
Gigabreak!
No, Dai!
You're going to regret
doing that, you monster...
Maybe it won't do
much damage, but...
Crocodine: Stop!
I shall face that man.
Beast King Crocodine
- it's you!
What a relief.
We're in big trouble!
Leona [thought]: So,
this is the Beast King.
With you here it's
like having an army-
Buddy...
You're shaking.
Baran: Crocodine.
I trust you are fully
aware of what will happen
if you try to stand
against me here today.
This might... be my end.
But, that's something
I'm prepared to do.
But, then...
Hurry and save our friend.
Popp: I'll fight with you.
Leona: Me too!
Don't bother.
Both: Huh?!
Crocodine: I don't know how,
but he's completely
immune to spells.
I think the only
way to damage him
is if I attack directly
by hand or with a weapon.
I see you've figured it out.
Well done, Beast King.
Crocodine: Get Dai.
We're on it.
Baran: You heard everything?
I heard enough.
Then why stand in my way?
Why should I not be
able reclaim my own son?
Because Dai doesn't want it.
Oh, I see.
So you've completely sided
with the humans, have you?
Isn't that a shame.
Of all the Legion Commanders,
I respected you the most.
That boy, Hyunckel,
wasn't bad either.
With his hate for humans
in that heart of ice.
But everyone I favor seems
to leave the Dark Army.
I guess Hadlar just
lacks charisma.
Crocodine: That's not true.
I don't know about Hyunckel,
but I was willing to lay
down my life for Lord Hadlar.
And the same for
the Dark King Vearn.
A true warrior denies
himself... for his master.
All that's changed is
that now I support Dai.
And so you would
actually risk fighting me?
To protect that boy?
Crocodine: Without Dai,
both Hyunckel and I would have
wandered the dark path forever.
He is the sun that brought light
into our hearts of darkness.
Baran [thought]: The sun?
Crocodine: All living things
need the sun to survive.
No one can be allowed...
to take it away from them.
I may not be strong enough,
but I'll still fight!
Baran: To change the heart of
a warrior such as Crocodine...
Quite the child.
The sun...
A child of the sun.
Soala.
Why sheath your sword?
Baran: Crocodine, I see
I won't change your mind.
But if you do fight me,
you will learn the terror of
facing a true Dragon Knight...
The complete
Power of Dragons...
is far beyond what
you've seen Dai do!
Crocodine [thought]:
What is this?
His Aura is staggering,
but he's just standing there!
What's wrong?
Come and strike me.
If you won't fight,
then I'll claim your head!
Crocodine: It...
It can't be.
My axe cannot be shattered!
Crocodine: What's this?!
The secret to the Dragon
Knights' supremacy.
The Draconic Aura!
Crocodine!
Narrator: Despite Baran's
shocking revelation,
Dai pushes aside his doubts and
fights with all of his strength.
But even with
Crocodine's help,
he fails to so much as scratch
the mighty Dragon Knight.
And when Baran's
crest shines ominously,
Dai finds himself in more
danger than ever before...
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Terrifying Draconic Aura".